hey guys jigsaw commentary too and I'm
gonna go find a fight alright guys i
just got rushed holy crap um and I'm
getting rekt so I'm trying to plot and
I'm being wrecked as I oh my god I hate
fighting Rangers sort of tanks come on
spec thank you so I guess um let me pick
this up Oh demais ooh alright guys let's
go find a fight alright guys have a
fight with the abbey inc I guess Sarah
that's how you say his name he's not
that good of stuff on but he's willing
to fight me which is cool um we've
different team cape so he does not to
right-click which is good um making them
map to oh it's called right-click cuz it
just makes fight so much harder for them
um come on spec there we go GF all right
so I guess that's quick pretty loot I
should've made that fight long I
shouldn't aspect but I got myself who's
on not even a 1k experience fight but um
not bad I'm gonna go bang trying to find
a fight um geo receive wish him luck
thanks to look bud oh my God he's
hanging it I hate hand cannon I was hit
way too hard what's back hard SPECT card
yeah ah alright let me get all right
guys to finish this off ival clip of me
fighting another you to maker his name
is jive mommy videos en escena says
prefer a fight on YouTube
we were doing best two out of three this
is a DM and it's pretty good fight we're
both hating I a little bit of butter
stuffies burn combat bracelet and burn
kite I remember gloves and a rune
defender he's one level higher than me I
don't really know his stats and during
this fight I think I have 61 attack 81
strength or 82 one of the serum um and
oh I just saved hardcore um and 45
defense and this fight takes a bit i'm
pretty sure i get him coming up again
with the spec i'm pretty sure it was a
more luck I don't really find edgeville
fighting his skill it's just really luck
about the hits and unless you're
hybriding in edgeville which i'm a
horrible hybrid i have never even really
tried it um I think I should learn it
because I mean I really have skill
unless I hybrid kiss that actually is
pretty hard um you might win yeah I'm
doing doing i'm pretty sure it's coming
up i'll skip to the next fight uh yeah
here it is nope oh man let me skip up
this quick let's see what happens pretty
sure I ask him something and then uh I
just get a dds back on him come on Larry
yeah that's right here no gosh so guys
I'm not really good at watching this
this is probably a half a week ago I'd
saw the throw it in there it's pretty
cool he's a good p carrier he I'm pretty
sure he's one of two vids maybe if he
gave it here i have no clue yeah there
it is yeah I asked him in strength level
high of 81 he's 86 trade-ins fight
pretty late this time be our second
fight and there's my fail at saying no
smite and during this fight as we were
fighting i'm pretty sure it's just a
finish off and i get better luck in the
name um see where we get to ah i just
get the better look I'm safe I'm at 355
HP yeah I'm pretty sure just runs out of
food and respect to jive he's a good p
care he didn't run which get even
respect for that yeah I was just overall
good fight I got the best of him but I'm
sure if we did another one you probably
get me my rear coil killed him but I'm i
hate probably would have let me see how
much i made on this he said I can't
in on you yeah he don't worry as
much stuff but I 25k not non poisoned
edius well I was a good fight guys uh
this gonna be the end of this commentary
and yeah I'll see y'all next time I
would be throwing a new peak a video or
maybe just like a preview I don't know
how kind of and tired of commentaries
they're kinda just easy to make real um
ya soon but